BOSE:
Previously, in the Man Cave...
and also, in other places...
- Why are you and Henry both
dressed like half a ghost?
- We were fighting
the Time Jerker.
HENRY: Took his new
time ray he built.
- Whoa!
- Who's that?
- This is Bose. He's
the Vice Mayor's stepson.
HENRY: We gotta watch him
for a couple days.
- What are you doing
in that sandbank?
- Just trying to find a place to
learn to fight while I sleep.
And also Spanish.
- Henry. We are graduating
from high school.
But you aren't.
- Hmm?
- My son is a failure!
- You don't need to graduate
from high school
to be a side kick.
- Dude! I don't want to be
stuck in Swellview
being a sidekick
for the rest of my life!
- You swore an oath to defend
this city!
- When I was thirteen!
- So?!
- So maybe I don't wanna
do it anymore!
- What are you doing?
- Quitting.
- Oh so you're
a quitter now, too?!
- No!
- Why?!
- Grrrrrr!
- Ahhhhhhh!!
SCHWOZ: Aieee!
- Remember me?
- But then Bose said,
"I am Bose"
and he kicked Drex
right in the dindee.
BOSE:  And Drex said,
"I am defeated!"
Then Bose drew his broadsword
and ruled the kingdom
peacefully for
a hundred years.
- But that's a story
for another day.
[ Gronk laughs ]
- Thank you, Gronk.
Tork.
- This is your new sidekick?
- No.
- Well you're gonna need
a new one.
'Cuz right about now,
Henry Hart's getting a visit
from my best cavemen.
- Grrrrrr!
- Aw, Gronk, I didn't mean it
like that.
Cavemen are so sensitive.
- Yeah well, I hope they're
sensitive to pain.
Because "your best" cavemen
are probably getting
their caveman butts
kicked right now...
- Owwww! My butt!
Ohhhhhh this hurts real bad.
- What is going on?! Why are
there cavemen in our house?
- Isn't it obvious?
Our son hired some actors
to put on a little show.
But it's not gonna trick us
into thinking you're Kid Danger.
- I am Kid Danger!
- Ha!
Henry, I went to acting school
at Juilliard...
dot com. I think I know
a fellow actor when I see one.
- I don't think
they're actors...
- Not good ones.
- Uh-uh-uh.
- Ahhhhhh!!!
[ Kris screams ]
- My backless bookcase!
- So you hired professional
stunt men, huh?
- Okay, that's it...
- Henry, how did you
do that?!
- I told you I'm Kid Danger!
- False!
You stunt men expect us
to believe that you were
actually flipped by my son who
weighs ninety pounds?
- I'm a clean one-fifty!
- More lies!
- Just get upstairs!
HENRY: Come on, come on,
come on!
- Uhhhh!
- Ahhh!
- That's coming out
of your allowance!
- You don't give me
an allowance
that's why I had to get
a dang job being Kid Danger!
- Liar!
- Run!
- Okay!
- We sent you a hundred million
years into the past.
How did you get back
to our time?
- I'll tell ya how I did it.
I waited.
- For a hundred million years?
- That's right.
I froze myself in a glacier
on top of Mount Swellview
and waited for climate change
to thaw me out.
- For a hundred
million years?
- I had my hate
to keep me company.
- Oh, that's nice.
- That and my army of cavemen.
- Well now that's a party.
DREX: And they hate you too.
See, I had plenty of time
back then.
Time to tell them stories.
DREX:  Stories of
Captain Man and Kid Danger...
DREX:  Stories about
how terrible you are.
DREX:  Anytime anything
bad happened,
I'd blame you and Kid Danger.
DREX:  Rainstorm? Blame
Captain Man and Kid Danger.
[ Cavemen grunt angrily ]
DREX:  Sandstorm? Blame
Captain Man and Kid Danger.
DREX:  Hair loss?
Stubbed toe?
DREX:  Eaten by a dinosaur?
[ Cavemen grunt and growl ]
- Alright, that's enough
Yappy Van Winkle!
You waited a hundred million
years to destroy me.
Untie me -- let's dance.
- I have a better idea.
- Than dancing?
Huh. I'd like to hear it.
- See, I was going to
unleash my caveman army on you.
- But when I was hiding
in the ceiling
I heard Schwoz say something...
and it gave me
an even better idea.
- Of course! To use the time-ray
that Ray and Henry brought back
to send Ray one-hundred million
years into the past
just like he did with you!
- No. But that's
a great idea, too.
- Dangit, Schwoz!
- Sorry, sorry...
that one's on me.
- Piper, I think I found
another cave!
- Thank god!
MITCH: Oh. Welcome back.
You're in luck,
this next one is a banger.
- Awwwwww, yeah...
- This is the same cave
we were trying to get away from!
- Dangit!
JASPER: Ow!
I'm trying to learn to fight
while I sleep!
And also Spanish!
- You know what?
Let's just call for a ride
and get out of here.
- I tried, I can't get
any service!
♪ I wish I could give you
a noogie of kindness! ♪
♪ A Wet Willie of
what's in my heart... ♪
- I never thought I'd say this,
but I wish
I was Henry right now...
- Ahhh, come on, Charlotte!
Why is no one
answering their phones?!
- Better question:
Why are cavemen
trying to smash their way
into your bedroom?!
- They're just stunt men, honey!
- They're not stunt men, dad!
Now help mom hold the door.
- Cut! That's a cut!
Take a five, guys!
[ Cavemen grunting ]
- Here, mom! Take this...
- Henry, what is this?
- It's a Pulse blaster.
Dad! Heads up...
Careful, that one's
got a kick.
Dad, what did I just say?
- Henry, why are there weapons
hidden all over your room?!
- Because I am Kid Danger
which I could prove to you
if I had my gum tube
which oh my god
I forgot
I do have my gum tube!
- Is there something
hidden behind
every picture in this room?!
Sorry.
[ music ]
- You really are Kid Danger.
- I knew it!
- It all just kinda happened.
I wanted an after-school job.
But then,
an indestructible superhero
hired me to be his sidekick.
- Ah!
- Now we blow bubbles...
and fight crime.
Feels good.
[ theme music ]
- Call it.
- Up the tube!
- Aw, my boot!
- Ha!
- Come on, people, I wanna hear
some more vengeance plans!
Who's gonna be a hero?
Schwoz -- go!
- I'm not going to help you
get revenge on Captain Man.
- Thank you.
- Okay. I'm indestructible, too.
How would you get revenge on me?
- That's easy! I'd tie you
to a shark's face
so you'd end up
getting chewed underwater
for the rest of your life.
[ Captain Man mumbles ]
- You can't tie someone
to a shark's face.
- Don't tell me what I can't do!
- Alright.
- How about this? We find
Captain Man a nice woman,
they get married, have kids,
and live a long,
happy life together.
- and?
- then he dies
of natural causes.
- I think I'd rather do
the shark face thing.
- Thank you...
- Whatever, I'm going
to the bathroom.
- There's no bathroom
that way...
- I'll find something.
- I think I'm going to stick
with my original revenge plan.
The only problem is...
I'd need someone to modify
this memory wiper
so that it would work
on a whole city.
And no one on Earth
can possibly do that.
- Now hold it right there...
- No, no, no, I just meant that
no one, anywhere
is smart enough to do it.
- Schwoz!
- For your information, sir,
I can--
- You can't do it Schwoz!
- Don't tell me what I can't do!
[ Captain Man mumbles angrily ]
- You find a bathroom?
- In a way.
- Henry Prudence Hart...
- I know, I know. You guys are
probably really mad at me
for lying to you for years.
- We are so...
proud of you.
- Sick turn, mom.
- You're a superhero, son!
Other than being an actor
it's the most important thing
you can be in this world.
- Wait, so you're
really not mad?
Even though
I'm failing out of school?
- Ha! No, we're still really mad
about that.
- You are in
big trouble, buddy.
- Okay. Just gonna push this
into the safe zone.
- So those are
real cavemen out there?
- Yeah! And none of my friends
are answering their calls,
and no one is picking up
at the Man Cave...
so I think Ray
might be in trouble.
- Your boss at Junk-N-Stuff?
- Yeah.
- He's Captain Man!
- Uh, no, honey.
If Henry is Kid Danger,
then Captain Man
is obviously Jasper.
- Uh, no, actually,
Mom nailed that one.
And I think I need
to get back there
because something really bad
is happening.
- Well go!
- Well I can't leave you alone
with a bunch of angry cavemen!
- Henry, we can take care
of ourselves.
I'm Kid Danger's daddy.
- You've got that
pointed backwards.
Okay, now it's upside-down
and backwards.
- Henry, we've got this.
Just go save Swellview!
- Thanks.
- And Henry...
- Yeah?
- We love you.
- I love you too, guys.
- I didn't say it.
- Okay...
- But I love you too, son.
- Who wants a taste
of Daddy Danger?!
Ah, cheese.
Honey, I think--
- Awwwhhhhh!
- There's plenty more
where that came from!
Okay, no more
where that came from.
Are you boys hungry?
- Take chapstick!
And backup chapstick!
And my wallet!
And my phone!
[ Ringtone plays Paramore's
"Hard Times" ]
- They love your ringtone!
- Well it's Paramore, honey.
How could they not?
[ phone stops ringing ]
[ Cavemen growl ]
- Call me so it rings again!
- Okay!
[ Phone ringtone plays ]
- Hey! Quit messing
with my hair gel!
That stuff's
three-hundred dollars a tube!
[ Tork grunts angrily ]
- Alright, you got me,
it's five-hundred.
Now don't eat it!
Aw, I can't watch this.
[ elevator dings ]
- Ray are you okay, 'cuz--
Eh-- Buh-- Wha-- How-- Deh--
- Eh-- Buh-- Wha-- How-- Deh--
- What are you doing here?
- Oh my step-dad said he'd give
Captain Man a statue if--
- No, no, Buddy, I was actually
talkin' to Drex.
What are you doing here?
- Ughhh I've already
explained this.
You guys sent me to the past,
I trained a caveman army
to hate you, frozen in ice,
yadda yadda yadda.
Long story short
I'm back!
- Look who else is back.
The Quitter.
- I'm not a quitter.
- Oh, so you're here
to apologize
and beg for your old job back?
- What? No.
Why would I--
- I accept your apology.
You're hired.
- I don't--
- I missed you... so much.
And I just want things
to go back to the way they--
- I don't want my old job back--
- Well then you're fired again!
Apology not accepted!
I barely noticed
you were gone!
- I came back here because
I thought you were in trouble.
- Well, clearly I am fine, so...
- Oh really?
Well it looks like you're
tied to a chair, so...
- Well I'm not so...
- Well you're insane.
I'm looking right at you--
- I just waiting for
the right moment to break out.
Like NOW!
Errrr!
It's not the right moment.
- Okay, I'm gonna help you.
- No! I don't need your help.
Drex, stop him!
- Happy to!
Gronk! Tork!
[ Gronk and Tork grunt ]
- Ugghh, I have to do
everything myself.
Gronk! Tork! Sit!
Siiiiiiit...
Stay. Good boys...
[ laughs ]
- You know, I thought my cavemen
were gonna take care of you
at your house, but I'm actually
glad you're here,
Kid Danger, because--
- Hey, Quitter -- if you don't
want your job back
then how come you're in uniform?
- I had to blow a bubble
to prove to my parents
that I'm Kid Danger.
- Well I'm glad
you're here 'cuz--
- You told your parents?!
You're fired!
- I already quit!
- So, Kid Danger!
I'm glad you're--
- So did you also tell them
I'm Captain Man?!
- No but my mom
kinda figured it out.
- Your mom?!
Was she impressed?
- My dad thought
you were Jasper.
- WHAT?
- Would you two SHUT UP?!
- I'm actually enjoying this.
Did anybody ever tell you guys
your back and forth
is kinda funny?
- I did it! You said it was
impossible but here it is.
- Schwoz, what are you doing?
- Drex told me I couldn't modify
the memory wiper
to erase the whole town's
memory all at once,
but he was wrong!
I did it!
- Schwoz, are you helping Drex?!
- No! No, no I just built
this device
to prove him wrong
and in doing so...
I helped him.
So... yes.
Schwoz smash!
- Oh caaaaaan't let you
smash this.
I'm gonna need it
for my big plan.
- What "big plan?!"
- Oh, I'll tell you.
- Sick villain monologue coming.
- You see... what I want
is to destroy
what Captain Man loves the most.
And what does Captain Man
love the most?
- Churros!
- Waterslides!
- Henry's mom!
- No...
the thing Captain Man
loves the most is himself.
- That's right! Captain Man
is obsessed with himself,
and with what other people
think of him.
So... what if other people
don't think of him?
- You're gonna erase
Captain Man
from the memory of every
single person in Swellview...
- Very good, Kid Danger!
- Ha! Good luck with that plan.
- What do you mean?
- This thing won't even work
unless you attach it
to an airborne object like
a plane or a helio-copter.
- What a great idea.
- Schwoz!
- Stop helping him, dude!
- No it's okay. Because he will
never figure out
how to mount it
and calibrate it without me.
And I'm never
coming with you!
Over my dead body!
Heh! Bleh!
- Not even if I take a hostage?
- Yeah, okay, let me
find my car keys.
- There's just one flaw
in your plan, Drex!
- Oh yeah, what's that?
- I'm Captain Man.
Even if you erase the memory of
me from everyone in this town,
I'll just get them to fall in
love with me all over again.
I mean...
look at me.
- He's right -- those eyes?
That hair?
This guy's a Swellview ten.
- Here's the thing...
You're not gonna be around
for that
because I'm gonna do to
you what you did to me.
- What, tell you that headbands
look cool on you as a prank?
- Stupid...
- So stupid to have that...
- The '90s calling you...
- No, I'm gonna do
Schwoz's idea.
And send you back in time.
One hundred million yea--
Y'know what? One hundred
and one million years.
And with you out of the way,
Swellview's gonna get
a new Captain Man.
Ta-dahhhh.
- Nooooo!
- This town's gonna love
Captain Drex.
Heck, they might even give me
a statue.
- Ahhhhhh!!!
- But they don't give
statues to cowards
who hide behind
their big smelly friends.
[ Gronk grunts ]
- You want a piece of me?
- Let's dance, monkey man!
- Finally, some dancing!
- Gronk! Tork!
Up!
- Should someone put on
some music, or...
- Shame you came
a hundred million years
just to get your face pounded.
Okay, okay.
You can handle the salt
but can you handle the pepper?!
Alright, alright, alright.
He likes the spice.
Here comes the cayenne!
- I think you forgot
I'm indestructible.
- I did forget that, yes.
- And now you get to watch...
as I send your boss--
- Ex-boss.
- One hundred and one million
years into the past!
- Ahhhhhh!!!
- Ray!
- Don't worry. If you ever want
to see Captain Man again
I'm gonna leave the time-ray
right here.
And here.
- Found my keys!
Anybody have to pee
before we leave?
- Okayyyy... sent Captain Man
to the past,
beat the spices
outta Kid Danger,
got the memory wiper...
I'm good to go.
- Hey...Don't forget
your hostage!
- I love this guy!
So helpful. Gronk, Tork!
Grab the science guy and
let's go find ourselves a plane.
- Aieeee!!
- Wait, Drex!
I'm not done with you!
- Yeah but I'm done with you.
- Aaaaaahhhh!
SCHWOZ: Henry!
- Byeeeeee!
- Okay, okay, okay.
Okay, okay, think.
Think.
Thinkthinkthinkthinkthink.
I don't think,
Charlotte's the one who thinks.
Wait a second.
If Charlotte were here,
she would probably say
something like...
"Mmm. I don't know guys,
this looks pretty bad."
And then I would say...
"Wow, Charlotte,
that's not very helpful."
And then Schwoz
would say...
"I might have a device."
And I'd say, "Nice, Schwoz,
what does that device do?"
And then Ray would
probably say...
"I've got a device
that can fix this!
My fist!"
And then
Jasper he'd say...
"I got a device
that can comb my hair!"
And then Piper would be like...
"Jasper, that's a comb!"
And I would be like,
"Guys can we please focus!
"Because Drex is back
and he just sent Ray to the past
"and he just kidnapped
Bose and Schwoz
"and he's gonna erase
everybody's memory
in Swellview
and I'm freaking out, guys!
I'm freaking out!"
And then Charlotte would
probably be like--
CHARLOTTE:
Everything's gonna be fine.
- Hang on, Charlotte!
I'm trying to--
You guys came back!
Good to see you.
Okay, things are bad.
Drex is back and he sent Ray
to the past
but I beat him up pretty bad
but then he got away--
- Henry.
- We heard you.
- Right. Okay that'll save us
a lotta time.
But I'm still freakin' out.
I don't know what to do!
- Just don't freak out.
- Yeah.
Because we're here
and we're gonna help you.
Yeah. This guy messes with you,
he messes with us.
- Okay, I'm just gonna push this
into the safe zone.
You really think
we can do this?
- Absolutely.
- No doubt.
- Fifty fifty.
- I like those odds.
- Team Danger on three.
- One...
- Two...
- Three...
[ in unison ]
Team Danger!
- Let's gooooooo!
- Let's do this!
- Whoo!
- I honestly don't know why
I left.
PIPER: I don't know
what I was doing.
I just did it
'cuz you guys were.
Let's just
listen to Charlotte.
- Welcome back.
- Weeeee...
don't have a plan.
- I know.
- Do you have a plan?
- She always has a plan.
- She's always got a plan.
No, but seriously
do you have a plan?
- I have a plan.
- Let's gooooooo!
Yippee kay yay!
- Where's he going?
- I honestly have no idea.
[ music ]